---
layout: post
title: "9th Scandinavian Logic Symposium"
start_date: "2014-08-25"
dates_label: "25–27 Aug 2014"
category: [events, symposiums]
---

9th SCANDINAVIAN LOGIC SYMPOSIUM  
25-27 August 2014, University of Tampere, Finland  
<http://www.sis.uta.fi/SLS2014/>

SECOND ANNOUNCEMENT AND CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS

The 9th Scandinavian Logic Symposium will be held at the Museum Centre
Vapriikki in Tampere, Finland, during 25-27 August 2014 under the auspices
of the Scandinavian Logic Society (SLS, <http://scandinavianlogic.org>).

As with previous editions of the Symposium, its primary aims are to
reflect the current activities in logic in the Nordic countries and to
provide a local meeting forum for their logical communities, broadly
conceived. Besides, it invites and warmly welcomes participation of
logicians from all over the world.

SCOPE AND TOPICS  
The scope of SLS 2014 is broad, ranging over the whole areas of
Mathematical and Philosophical Logic, as well as Logical Methods in
Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Linguistics, etc. Major
topics include (but are not limited to): Proof Theory, Constructivism,
Model Theory, Set Theory, Computability Theory, Algebra and Logic,
Categorical Logic, Logic and Computer Science, Logic and Linguistics,
Logic in AI and Multi-Agent Systems, Logics of Games, Modal and other
non-classical Logics, Philosophical Logic.

INVITED SPEAKERS:  
Mai Gehrke (LIAFA, Paris)  
Volker Halbach (University of Oxford)  
Asger Törnquist (University of Copenhagen)  
Jouko Väänänen (University of Helsinki and University of Amsterdam)  
Thomas Ågotnes (University of Bergen)  

PROGRAM COMMITTEE  
Co-chairs: Sara Negri (University of Helsinki)  
and Valentin Goranko (Technical University of Denmark)

Members:  
Luca Aceto (Reykjavik University)  
Lars Birkedal (Aarhus University)  
Patrick Blackburn (Roskilde University)  
Patricia Blanchette (University of Notre Dame, US)  
Thierry Coquand (University of Gothenburg)  
Ali Enayat (University of Gothenburg)  
Øystein Linnebo (University of Oslo and Birkbeck College London)  
Kerkko Luosto (University of Tampere)  
Dag Normann (University of Oslo)  
Gabriel Sandu (University of Helsinki)  
Arild Waaler (University of Oslo)  
Dag Westerståhl (University of Stockholm)

ORGANISING COMMITTEE  
Chair: Lauri Hella (University of Tampere)

Members:  
Kerkko Luosto (University of Tampere)  
Antti Kuusisto (University of Wroclaw)  
Jonni Virtema (University of Tampere)  
Jevgeni Haigora (University of Tampere)

SUBMISSIONS  
Abstracts of contributed talks, in PDF format, not exceeding one A4
(11pt) page, should be submitted by April 25, 2014, through
EasyChair: <https://www.easychair.org/conferences/?conf=sls2014>
Abstracts should be typeset following the format of a LaTeX style
file that will be posted on the conference website on March 16.

IMPORTANT DATES:  
Submission deadline: April 25, 2014  
Notification: May 16, 2014  
Final programme: July 25, 2014

LOCATION  
Museum Centre Vapriikki is situated on the banks of the Tammmerkoski rapids. It
is within a walking distance from the center of Tampere and the railway station.

ACCOMMODATION  
There are several hotels within a walking distance from the conference
venue. The organizers will provide a list of some alternatives on the
conference website.

REGISTRATION  
Details concerning registration will be posted soon on the conference
website.

ENQUIRIES: Write email to <scandinavianlogicsymposium@gmail.com>
