---
layout: post
title: "Third Nordic Logic Summer School (NLS) 2017"
start_date: "2017-08-07"
dates_label: "7–11 Aug 2017"
category: [events, schools]
---

Stockholm, August 7 – 11, 2017

The third Nordic Logic Summer School is arranged under the auspices of the
Scandinavian Logic Society (<http://scandinavianlogic.org/>). The two previous
schools were organized in Nordfjordeid, Norway (2013) and Helsinki (2015). The
intended audience is advanced master students, PhD-students, postdocs and
experienced researchers wishing to learn the state of the art in a particular
subject. The school is co-located with Logic Colloquium 2017 (14–20 August) and
Computer Science Logic 2017 (21–24 August).

The school will consist of 10 five-hour courses, running in two parallel
streams. In addition, there will be short student presentations and poster
sessions.

The lectures start on:

\*\* Monday August 7, 9:00, and end Friday August 11, 16:15 \*\*

LECTURERS AND COURSES  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

The following lecturers and course topics are confirmed.

\* Mirna Dzamonja (University of East Anglia)  
-- Set Theory

\* Martin Escardo (Birmingham)  
-- Topological and Constructive Aspects of Higher-Order Computation

\* Henrik Forssell (Oslo)  
-- Categorical Logic

\* Volker Halbach (Oxford)  
-- Truth & Paradox

\* Larry Moss (Indiana University, Bloomington)  
-- Natural Logic

\* Anca Muscholl (LaBRI, Université Bordeaux)  
-- Logic in Computer Science – Control and Synthesis, from a Distributed Perspective

\* Eric Pacuit (University of Maryland)  
-- Logic and Rationality

\* Peter Pagin and Dag Westerståhl (Stockholm University)  
-- Compositionality

\* Sara L. Uckelman (Durham)  
-- Medieval Logic

\* Andreas Weiermann (Ghent)  
-- Proof Theory

\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-  
Certificates for participation will be provided. There will be possibilities to
take official credits for some of the courses.  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

VENUE  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-  
Department of Mathematics, Kräftriket Campus, Stockholm University.

IMPORTANT DATES  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

Registration:  
\-\-  
Registration opens: March 6, 2017  
Early registration ends: \*\* May 15, 2017 \*\*  
Late registration ends: \*\* August 4, 2017 \*\*  
\-\-  
Submission of abstracts for presentations and posters:  
\-\-  
Opening: March 6, 2017  
Closing: May 2, 2017  
Notification of acceptance: May 9, 2017  
\-\-

The early registration fee will be 1900 SEK including VAT (approx. 190 Euros)
per participant, and includes coffee breaks and conference materials. Late
registration fee is 2600 SEK including VAT.

Some participation-fee grants may be available.

ACCOMMODATION  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

The registration fee does not cover accommodation, but there will be special
offers at hostels and hotels (in the range 700 – 1200 SEK/night for single
rooms) available when the registration opens.

SPECIAL OFFER FOR ACCOMMODATION  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

There will be offers of inexpensive accommodation via the Stockholm University
Housing Office. The cost will be around 300 SEK per person per night, in studio
apartments shared by two people. To be able to take part in this offer,
participants need to register at the latest May 15. Enquiries may be directed
to:

logic2017-accommodation [at] math.su.se

FURTHER INFORMATION  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

Further information about submissions, registration and accommodation
possibilities will (in due time) be available on the NLS webpage:

<https://www.sls17.conf.kth.se>

General enquiries: nls2017 [at] philosophy.su.se  
Accommodation enquiries: logic2017-accommodation [at] math.su.se

COMMITTEES  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-

Program Committee of NLS 2017:

Thierry Coquand (Göteborg), Ali Enayat (Göteborg)  
Mai Gehrke (IRIF, Paris), Nina Gierasimczuk (Copenhagen)  
Valentin Goranko (Stockholm U), Lauri Hella (Tampere)  
Lars Kristiansen (Oslo), Juha Kontinen (Helsinki)  
Øystein Linnebo (Oslo), Sara Negri (Helsinki)  
Erik Palmgren (chair, Stockholm U)

Local Organizing Committee of NLS 2017:

Valentin Goranko (co-chair), Dilian Gurov, Roussanka Loukanova,
Peter LeFanu Lumsdaine, Anders Lundstedt, Erik Palmgren (co-chair)  
\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-
