---
layout: post
title: "32nd European Summer School in Logic, Language and Information – ESSLLI 2020"
category: events
---
3-14 August, 2020, Utrecht, The Netherlands  
<https://www.esslli.eu>

IMPORTANT DATES

1 June 2019: Proposal submission deadline  
14 September 2019: Notification

SUBMISSION PORTAL

Please submit your proposals here:

<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=esslli20>

Under the auspices of FoLLI the European Summer School in Logic, Language, and
Information (ESSLLI) is organized every year in a different European country. It
takes place over two weeks in the European Summer, hosts approximately 50
different courses at both the introductory and advanced levels, attracting
around 400 participants each year from all the world.

The main focus of the program of the summer schools is the interface between
linguistics, logic and computation, with special emphasis in human linguistic
and cognitive ability. Courses, both introductory and advanced, cover a wide
variety of topics within the combined areas of interest: Logic and Computation,
Computation and Language, and Language and Logic. Workshops are also organized,
providing opportunities for in-depth discussion of issues at the forefront of
research, as well as a series of invited lectures.

TOPICS AND FORMAT

Proposals for courses and workshops at ESSLLI 2020 are invited in all
areas of Logic, Linguistics and Computer Sciences. Cross-disciplinary
and innovative topics are particularly encouraged.

Each course and workshop will consist of five 90 minute sessions,
offered daily (Monday-Friday) in a single week. Proposals for two-week
courses should be structured and submitted as two independent one-week
courses, e.g. as an introductory course followed by an advanced one.
In such cases, the ESSLLI programme committee reserves the right to
accept just one of the two proposals.

All instructional and organizational work at ESSLLI is performed
completely on a voluntary basis, so as to keep participation fees to a
minimum. However, organizers and instructors have their registration
fees waived, and are reimbursed for travel and accommodation expenses
up to a level to be determined and communicated with the proposal
notification. ESSLLI can only guarantee reimbursement for at most one
course/workshop organizer, and can not guarantee full reimbursement of
travel costs for lecturers or organizers from outside of Europe. The
ESSLLI organizers would appreciate any help in controlling the
School's expenses by seeking complete coverage of travel and
accommodation expenses from other sources.

The organizers want to point at the possibility of an EACSL
sponsorship, mentioned at the end of this call.

CATEGORIES

Each proposal should fall under one of the following categories.

\* FOUNDATIONAL COURSES *  
Such courses are designed to present the basics of a research area, to
people with no prior knowledge in that area. They should be of
elementary level, without prerequisites in the course's topic, though
possibly assuming a level of general scientific maturity in the
relevant discipline. They should enable researchers from related
disciplines to develop a level of comfort with the fundamental
concepts and techniques of the course's topic, thereby contributing to
the interdisciplinary nature of our research community.

\* INTRODUCTORY COURSES *  
Introductory courses are central to ESSLLI's mission. They are
intended to introduce a research field to students, young researchers,
and other non-specialists, and to foster a sound understanding of its
basic methods and techniques. Such courses should enable researchers
from related disciplines to develop some comfort and competence in the
topic considered. Introductory courses in a cross-disciplinary area
may presuppose general knowledge of the related disciplines.

\* ADVANCED COURSES *  
Advanced courses are targeted primarily to graduate students who wish
to acquire a level of comfort and understanding in the current
research of a field.

\* WORKSHOPS *  
Workshops focus on specialized topics, usually of current interest.
Workshop organizers are responsible for soliciting papers and
selecting the workshop programme. They are also responsible for
publishing proceedings if they decide to have proceedings.

PROPOSAL GUIDELINES

Course and workshop proposals should closely follow these guidelines to ensure
full consideration.

Course and Workshop proposals can be submitted by no more than two
lecturers/organizers and they are presented by no more than these two
lecturers/organizers. All instructors and organizers must possess a
PhD or equivalent degree by the submission deadline.

Course proposals should mention explicitly the intended course
category. Proposals for introductory courses should indicate the
intended level, for example as it relates to standard textbooks and
monographs in the area. Proposals for advanced courses should specify
the prerequisites in detail.

Proposals must be submitted in PDF format via:

<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=esslli2020>

and include all of the following:

a. Personal information for each proposer: Name, affiliation, contact
address, email, homepage (optional)

b. General proposal information: Title, category

c. Contents information:  
Abstract of up to 150 words  
Motivation and description (up to two pages)  
Tentative outline  
Expected level and prerequisites  
Appropriate references (e.g. textbooks, monographs, proceedings, surveys)  

d. Practical information:  
Relevant preceding meetings and events, if applicable  
Potential external funding for participants

EACSL SPONSORSHIP

The EACSL offers to act as a sponsor for one course or workshop in the
areas of Logic and Computation covered by the Computer Science Logic
(CSL) conferences. This course or workshop will be designated an EACSL
course/workshop. If you wish to be considered for this, please
indicate so on your proposal.

PROGRAMME COMMITTEE  
Chair:  
Raffaella Bernardi (University of Trento)  
Local Co-chair:  
Michael Moortgat (University of Utrecht)  

Area Chairs:  
Language and Computation (LaCo):  
Stella Frank (Center for Language Evolution, University of Edinburgh)  
Laura Rimell (DeepMind)  
Bonnie Webber (School of Informatics, University of Edinburgh)  

Language and Logic (LaLo):  
Salvador Mascarenhas (Ecole Normale Supérieure)  
Anna Szabolcsi (New York University)  
Igor Yanovich (Tübingen University)  

Logic and Computation (LoCo):  
Rajeev Goré, The Australian National University  
Juha Kontinen, University of Helsinki  
Magdalena Ortiz, TU Wien  

Please send any queries to <esslli20pc@gmail.com>
