---
layout: post
title: "FoIKS 2020: Eleventh International Symposium on Foundations of Information and Knowledge Systems"
start_date: "2020-02-17"
end_date: "2020-02-21"
category: events
---
University of Dortmund, Germany, Feb. 17-21, 2020

Conference website: <https://foiks2020.cs.tu-dortmund.de>  
Submission link: <https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=foiks2020>  
Submission deadlines: September 11, 2019 (abstract), September 18, 2019 (paper)

The FoIKS symposia provide a biennial forum for presenting and discussing
theoretical and applied research on information and knowledge systems. The goal
is to bring together researchers with an interest in this subject, share
research experiences, promote collaboration and identify new issues and
directions for future research.

FoIKS 2020 solicits original contributions dealing with any foundational aspect
of information and knowledge systems. This includes submissions that apply
ideas, theories or methods from specific disciplines to information and
knowledge systems. Examples of such disciplines are discrete mathematics, logic
and algebra, model theory, information theory, complexity theory, algorithmics
and computation, statistics and optimization.

The FoIKS symposia are a forum for intense discussions. Speakers will be given
sufficient time to present their ideas and results within the larger context of
their research; furthermore, participants will be asked to prepare a first
response to another contribution in order to initiate discussion.

\*** Suggested topics

The suggested topics include, but are not limited to:

\* Database Design: Formal models, dependencies and independencies  
\* Big Data: Models for data in the Cloud, programming languages for big data, query processing  
\* Dynamics of Information: Models of transactions, concurrency control, updates, consistency preservation, belief revision  
\* Information Fusion: Heterogeneity, views, schema dominance, multiple source information merging, reasoning under inconsistency  
\* Integrity and Constraint Management: Verification, validation, consistent query answering, information cleaning  
\* Intelligent Agents: Multi-agent systems, autonomous agents, foundations of software agents, cooperative agents, formal models of interactions, negotiations and dialogue, logical models of emotions  
\* Knowledge Discovery and Information Retrieval: Machine learning, data mining, formal concept analysis and association rules, text mining, information extraction  
\* Knowledge Representation, Reasoning and Planning: Non-monotonic formalisms, probabilistic and non-probabilistic models of uncertainty, graphical models and independence, similarity-based reasoning, preference modeling and handling, computational models of argument, argumentation systems  
\* Logics in Databases and AI: Classical and non-classical logics, logic programming, description logics, spatial and temporal logics, probability logic, fuzzy logic  
\* Mathematical Foundations: Discrete structures and algorithms, graphs, grammars, automata, abstract machines, finite model theory, information theory, coding theory, complexity theory, randomness  
\* Security in Information and Knowledge Systems: Identity theft, privacy, trust, intrusion detection, access control, inference control, secure Web services, secure Semantic Web, risk management  
\* Semi-Structured Data and XML: Data modelling, data processing, data compression, data exchange  
\* Social Computing: Collective intelligence and self-organizing knowledge, collaborative filtering, computational social choice, Boolean games, coalition formation, reputation systems  
\* The Semantic Web and Knowledge Management: Languages, ontologies, agents, adaption, intelligent algorithms, ontology-based data access  
\* The WWW: Models of Web databases, Web dynamics, Web services, Web transactions and negotiations, Social Networks, Web Mining

\*** Submission Guidelines

All papers must be original and not simultaneously submitted to another journal
or conference. Papers must be typeset using the Springer LaTeX2e style llncs for
Lecture Notes in Computer Science. The suggested number of pages is 16, and the
maximum number of pages is 18. Submissions which deviate substantially from
these guidelines may be rejected without review. Initial submissions must be in
PDF format, but authors should keep in mind that the LaTeX2e source must be
submitted for the final versions of accepted papers. Submissions in alternate
formats, such as Microsoft Word, cannot be accepted for either initial or final
versions. The submissions will be judged for scientific quality and for
suitability as a basis for broader discussion. Submission is via EasyChair.

\*** Important Dates

Abstract submission deadline: September 11, 2019  
Paper submission deadline: September 18, 2019  
Author notification: November 19, 2019  
Camera-ready paper due: December 05, 2019  
FoIKS 2020 Symposium: February 14-18, 2020  

\*** Program Committee

tba

\*** Program Chairs

Andreas Herzig, CNRS, IRIT, Toulouse, France  
Juha Kontinen, University of Helsinki, Finland

\*** Local Organization Chair

Gabriele Kern-Isberner, TU Dortmund  
Christoph Beierle, University of Hagen

\*** Invited Speakers

tba

\*** Publication

The proceedings will be published by Springer-Verlag in the Lecture Notes in
Computer Science. After the symposium, authors of selected papers will be
invited to submit extended journal versions of their papers for a FoIKS 2020
special issue of the Annals of Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence.

\*** Venue

The conference will be held at the TU Dortmund; further information on the venue
will be provided in time.

\*** Contact

All questions about submissions should be emailed to <foiks2020@easychair.org>.
