---
layout: post
title: "Nordic Logic Summer School 2020 (NLS 2020)"
start_date: "2020-06-22"
end_date: "2020-06-25"
category: [events, schools]
---

University of Bergen, Norway  
June 22-25, 2020

**Program Committee**: Bahareh Afshari, Patrick Blackburn (co-chair), Lauri Hella,
Ole Hjortland, Sara Negri, Øystein Linnebo, Rasmus K. Rendsvig, Marija Slavkovik
(co-chair).


The fourth
[Nordic Logic Summer School](https://scandinavianlogic2020.w.uib.no/fourth-nordic-logic-summer-school-nls-2020/)
is arranged under the auspices of the Scandinavian Logic Society. The three
previous schools were organized in Nordfjordeid, Norway (2013), Helsinki,
Finland (2015) and Stockholm, Sweden (2017). The intended audience is masters
students, PhD-students, postdocs, and experienced researchers, who wish to learn
the state of the art in a range of topics in contemporary logic. Attendees who
want to obtain ECTS points will be able to do so by giving a short presentation
on June 26th 2020.

Six courses on themes in philosophical logic, mathematical logic, and
computational logic will be offered. No parallel sessions are planned, so it
will be possible to attend them all. The courses are:  
**Yang Fan**: Proof theoretic aspects of dependence logics  
**Peter Fritz**: Necessitism vs contingentism  
**Nina Gierasimczuk**: Learning and Modal Logic  
**Paulo Oliva:** Proofs interpretations and constructive mathematics  
**Thomas Powell:** Proof Mining  
**Sonja Smets:** Logics for Epistemic Social Networks  

Note that this summer school immediately precedes the eleventh
[Scandinavian Logic Symposium](https://scandinavianlogic2020.w.uib.no/),
which will also be held at the University of Bergen, which will run from June
26-28, 2020. 
