---
layout: post
title: "SLSS 2020: Eleventh Scandinavian Logic Symposium"
start_date: "2020-06-26"
end_date: "2020-06-28"
category: [events, symposiums]
---

University of Bergen, Norway, June 26-28, 2020

Conference website: <https://scandinavianlogic2020.w.uib.no/>  
Submission link: <https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=slss2020>  
Submission deadline: April 3, 2020

 \* \* \*

The eleventh Scandinavian Logic Symposium (SLSS 2020) will be held at
the University of Bergen, Norway, during 26-28 June, 2020, under the
auspices of the Scandinavian Logic Society. The previous three meetings
of the SLS were held in Gothenburg, Sweden (2018), Tampere, Finland
(2014) and Roskilde, Denmark (2012).

The primary aim of the Symposium is to promote research in the field of
logic (broadly conceived) carried out in research communities in
Scandinavia. Moreover, it warmly invites participation of logicians from
all over the world. The meeting will include invited lectures and a
forum for participants to present contributed talks.

 \* \* \* Suggested topics

The scope of SLSS is broad, ranging over the whole areas of Mathematical
and Philosophical Logic, as well as Logical Methods in Computer Science,
Artificial Intelligence, Linguistics, etc. Major topics include (but are
not limited to)  
Proof Theory  
Constructivism  
Model Theory  
Set Theory  
Computability Theory  
Algebra and Logic  
Categorical Logic  
Modal and Temporal Logics  
Dynamic Logics Logic and Computer Science  
Logic in AI and Multi-Agent Systems  
Logic and Linguistics  
Philosophical Logic  
Philosophy of Logic, Mathematics and Computation

 \* \* \* Submissions

Abstracts of contributed talks, in PDF format, not exceeding two A4
(11pt) pages, should be submitted by April 3, 2020, through EasyChair:  
<https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=slss2020>  
Abstracts should be typeset following the format of a LaTeX style file
posted on the conference website, or in a similar format if you prefer
to not use LaTeX.

 \* \* \* Important dates

Submission deadline: April 3, 2020  
Notification: May 15, 2020  
Final programme: May 29, 2020  
Conference: June 26-28, 2020

 \* \* \* Invited speakers

To be announced

 \* \* \* Programme committee

Co-chairs: Åsa Hirvonen (Helsinki) and Thomas Ågotnes (Bergen)

Members:  
Thierry Coquand (Gothenburg)  
Nina Gierasimczuk (DTU)  
Lauri Hella (Tampere)  
Lars Kristiansen (Oslo)  
Antje Rumberg (Stockholm)  
Asger Törnquist (Copenhagen)  
Michal Walicki (Bergen)  
Fan Yang (Helsinki)

 \* \* \* Organising committee

Shuliang Dong  
Truls Pedersen  
Marija Slavkovik  
Mina Young Pedersen  
Thomas Ågotnes

 \* \* \* Location

SLSS 2020 will take place at the University of Bergen, located in the
center of Bergen in Norway.

SLSS 2020 is collocated with the Nordic Logic School, 22-26 June, 2020.

 \* \* \* Registration

Details concerning registration will be announced during the spring 2020.

 \* \* \* Contact

All questions regarding the symposium should be emailed to <slss@uib.no>.
