---
layout: post
title: "PhD position, Uppsala University"
deadline: "2021-10-15"
category: positions
---
Ph.D. position at Uppsala University, Department of Mathematics, supported by
WASP (Wallenberg AI Autonomous Systems and Software Program), to work on the
project "Scalable inference in Statistical Relational AI: a model theoretic
approach on a domain of markets and media".

The project addresses problems related to scalability (computational efficiency)
within Statistical Relational Artifical Intelligence (SRAI), a branch of AI. In
particular it addresses the problem of making probabilistic inferences about
domains of large size, by means of so-called Probabilistic Graphical Models, in
a computationally efficient way; an issue of importance in practical
applications. The general methodology of SRAI is a combination of probability
theory and logic, where the later is used to describe properties and relations
between objects and to express events, or random variables, on a space of
possible scenarios. The methodology of this project falls mainly within the
field of finite model theory, but also involves other fields. A particular
subject of investigation is the phenomenon of convergence in probability of
events defined by formulas of some formal logic as the size of the domain tends
to infinity.

Applicants are expected to hold a Master's degree in mathematics, computer
science, philosophy or some other relevant subject by the time of the start
date. An ideal candidate should have a strong background in mathematical logic,
and a keen interest in interdisciplinary research and computer programming.

The closing date for applying is 15 October 2021. Apply by following this link:

<https://www.math.uu.se/the-department/vacant-positions/?positionId=423558>

For more information contact Vera Koponen (<vera.koponen@math.uu.se>).
