---
layout: post
title: "ESSLLI 2021"
start_date: "2021-07-26"
end_date: "2021-07-13"
category: events
---
Call For Participation

========  
32nd European Summer School in Logic, Language and Information - ESSLLI 2021  
26 July -13 August, 2021, Online  
<https://www.esslli.eu>  
ESSLLI 2021  
========  

We are happy to announce that ESSLLI 2021 will be held as an online event in the
period 26 July -13 August. The school offers an excellent program of courses and
workshops and the well established Student Session. In view of the online
format, the program is spread over three weeks so as to facilitate attendance.
Details on the schedule will be posted on the website shortly.

We plan to open the registration by the end of April 2021.

Raffaella Bernardi, Diego Calvanese and Michael Moortgat

========  

Courses and Workshops  
(F: foundational, I: introductory, A: advanced, W: workshop)

Language and Computation  

Stefan Evert and Gabriella Lapesa.  
Hands-on Distributional Semantics – From first steps to interdisciplinary applications F

Mathias Winther Madsen.  
Information theory F

Jose Camacho Collados and Mohammad Taher Pilehvar.  
Embeddings in Natural Language Processing I

Gregory Scontras.  
Probabilistic Language Understanding I

Jean-Philippe Bernardy and Aleksandre Maskharashvili.  
Probabilistic Semantics and Inference Under Uncertainty in Natural Language I

Lisa Beinborn and Willem Zuidema.  
Analyzing the Cognitive Plausibility of Deep Language Models A

Michael Henry Tessler.  
Probabilistic models of world knowledge for language understanding A

Adina Williams and Ryan Cotterell.  
Information Theory in Linguistics: Methods and Applications A

Stergios Chatzikyriakidis and Rainer Osswald.  
Workshop on Computing Semantics with Types, Frames and Related Structures W

Shane Steinert-Threlkeld and Jakub Szymanik.  
Computational and Experimental Explanations in Semantics and Pragmatics W

Ielka van der Sluis and James Pustejovsky.  
Annotation, Recognition and Evaluation of Actions II (AREA-II) W

Logic and Language
 
Bart Geurts.  
Commitment-based pragmatics F

Philippe de Groote and Yoad Winter.  
Introduction to natural language formal semantics F

Thomas Graf.  
The Computational Nature of Language F

Andras Kornai.  
Unifying formulaic, geometric, and algebraic theories of semantics I

Patrick Georg Grosz and Mélissa Berthet.  
Theoretical and Methodological Approaches to Animal Semantics: a Super Linguistic Introduction I

Natasha Korotkova and Pranav Anand.  
An opinionated guide to the language of opinion I

Yael Greenberg and Carla Umbach.  
Additivity, scalarity and the interactions between them: Beyond 'also' and 'even' I

Joost Zwarts.  
The semantics of metaphor I

Elsi Kaiser and Deniz Rudin.  
The semantics and psycholinguistics of subjective predicates I

Jakub Dotlačil and Floris Roelofsen.  
Dynamic inquisitive semantics A

Kristina Liefke and Ede Zimmermann.  
Intensionalism and Propositionalism in Linguistic Semantics A

Davide Grossi and Carlo Proietti.  
Abstract Argumentation and Modal Logic A

Lucas Champollion.  
Advanced mereology for linguists A

Judith Degen, Benjamin Spector and Daniel Lassiter.  
Approaches to implicature: Rational choice and/or exhaustification W

Mora Maldonado, Alexander Martin and Jennifer Culbertson.  
Experimental approaches to language universals in structure and meaning W

Logic and Computation
 
Pablo Barceló and Diego Figueira.  
Foundations of query languages for graph databases I

Valentin Goranko.  
Temporal Logics I

Réka Markovich and Leon van der Torre.  
Introduction to Deontic Logic and Its Applications I

Pavel Naumov. Actions, Blames, and Regrets I

Camillo Fiorentini.  
Semantics based proof-search methods for non-classical logics I

Eric Pacuit.  
Probabilistic methods in social choice I

Willem Heijltjes and Lutz Straßburger.  
From Proof Nets to Combinatorial Proofs — A new approach to Hilbert’s 24th problem A

Phokion Kolaitis.  
Logic, Data, and Incomplete Information A

Anuj Dawar and Gregory Wilsenach.  
Symmetric Computation A

Fei Liang and Alessandra Palmigiano.  
Logical foundations of categorization theory A

Tadeusz Litak and Albert Visser.  
Lewis meets Brouwer: Constructive strict implication A

Jouko Väänänen and Fan Yang.  
Workshop on Logics of Dependence and Independence W

Natasha Alechina and Brian Logan.  
Workshop on automated synthesis W

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE  
General Chair: Diego Calvanese (Free University of Bozen Bolzano)  
Virtual Infrastructure Chair: Paolo Felli (Free University of Bozen Bolzano)  
Publicity Chair: Jakub Szymanik (University of Amsterdam)  

PROGRAMME COMMITTEE  
Chair:  Raffaella Bernardi (University of Trento)  
Co-chair: Michael Moortgat (University of Utrecht)  

STUDENT SESSION  
Co-chairs:  
Alexandra Pavlova (TU Wien)  
Mina Young Pedersen (University of Bergen)
