---
layout: post
title: "Eleventh Scandinavian Logic Symposium (SLSS 2022)"
start_date: "2022-06-17"
end_date: "2022-06-19"
category: [events, symposiums, schools]
---
The eleventh Scandinavian Logic Symposium (SLSS 2022) will be held at the
University of Bergen, Norway, during 17-19 June, 2022, under the auspices of the
Scandinavian Logic Society. The previous three meetings of the SLSS were held in
Gothenburg in Sweden (2018), Tampere in Finland (2014) and Roskilde in Denmark
(2012).

The primary aim of the Symposium is to promote research in the field of logic
(broadly conceived) carried out in research communities in Scandinavia.
Moreover, it warmly invites the participation of logicians from all over the
world. The meeting will include invited lectures and a forum for participants to
present contributed talks.

SLSS 2022 is being planned as a physical-attendance event. Still, we keep
monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic situation, to make adjustments if they are
needed.

See also the
[call for abstracts](/2021-12-28-SLSS-2022-first-call-for-abstracts.html).

*** Invited speakers

To be announced

*** Programme committee

Co-chairs: Åsa Hirvonen (Helsinki) and Fernando Velázquez-Quesada (Bergen)

Members:  
Thierry Coquand (Gothenburg)  
Nina Gierasimczuk (DTU)  
Lauri Hella (Tampere)  
Lars Kristiansen (Oslo)  
Asger Törnquist (Copenhagen)  
Michal Walicki (Bergen)  
Fan Yang (Helsinki)  
Thomas Ågotnes (Bergen)

*** Organising committee

Rustam Galimullin  
Truls Pedersen  
Mina Young Pedersen  
Marija Slavkovik  
Fernando Velázquez-Quesada  
Thomas Ågotnes

*** Location

SLSS 2022 will take place at the University of Bergen, located in the center of
Bergen in Norway.

SLSS 2022 is collocated with the Nordic Logic Summer School, which takes place
on 13-16 June, 2022.

*** Registration

TBA

*** Contact

All questions regarding the symposium should be emailed to slss (at) uib.no.
