---
layout: post
title: "ESSLLI 2023"
start_date: "2023-07-31"
end_date: "2023-08-11"
category: events
---

Registration is now open for the 34th European Summer School in Logic,
Language and Information (ESSLLI), taking place from 31 July – 11 August, 2023
at the University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Computer and Information Science:  
<https://2023.esslli.eu/>


### Overview

The European Summer School in Logic, Language and Information (ESSLLI) is a
yearly recurring event, organised under the auspices of the Association for
Logic, Language and Information (FoLLI), and has been running since 1989. The
ESSLLI Summer School provides an interdisciplinary setting in which courses
and workshops are offered in logic, linguistics and computer science, also
from wider scientific, historical, and philosophical perspectives.

ESSLLI attracts around 400 participants from all parts of Europe, as well as
from North and Latin America, and Asia. ESSLLI has become the main
meeting place for young researchers and students in logic, linguistics and
computer science to discuss current research and to share knowledge. The
event is unique in its interdisciplinary set-up, with no equivalents in
Europe.


### Programme

The ESSLLI Summer School offers an exciting two-week programme, consisting
of the following:
- Workshops in logic, linguistics and computer science
- Courses – foundational, introductory and advanced – in three areas:
  - Language and Computation
  - Logic and Computation
  - Logic and Language
- Student session
- Evening lectures
- Social activities


### Registration

Registration for attendees, course lecturers, student session and workshop
organisers and speakers is now open. The early-registration deadline is
Wednesday, ~~31st May~~14th June; go to  
<https://2023.esslli.eu/registration.html>

ESSLLI is offering affordable accommodation to all participants who book before
31st May. We cannot guarantee accommodation for registrations received after
this date.


### Twitter

[@ESSLLI_official](https://twitter.com/ESSLLI_official)
