---
layout: post
title: "TLLM 2026: Modality in Logic and Language"
start_date: "2026-04-03"
end_date: "2026-04-05"
category: events
---
### 5th Tsinghua Interdisciplinary Workshop on Logic, Language and Meaning

April 3 – 5, 2026, Tsinghua University, Beijing.

For a fuller description of the workshop theme and other information, see the
web site:  
<https://tsinghualogic.net/JRC/tllm-2026>

The TLLM workshops bring together logicians, philosophers, and
linguists around a specific theme of common interest. For the 2026 event,
the theme is unusually wide, and we welcome contributions on any general or
particular aspect of the modalities in logic or language, such as:

1 Foundations and semantics of modality: E.g. Kripke/neighborhood/possibility/topological/game-theoretic/inquisitive/team semantics.

2 Proof theory for modal logic: E.g. sequent/natural deduction/labelled/circular/display/deep inference systems.

3 Epistemic and doxastic logics.

4 Deontic logic, norms and preference.

5 Modality in natural language: E.g. epistemic/deontic/dynamic modals; weak
necessity and gradability; syntax of modals; semantic-pragmatic interface;
cross-linguistic typology; experimental and corpus studies.

6 Non-classical perspectives on modality: E.g. intuitionistic/linear/relevant/paraconsistent/modal bilattice frameworks;
bilateralist accounts.

7 Modality in computation, verification, and AI: E.g. KR with modalities;
causal and probabilistic modal models; LLMs and modal reasoning
(benchmarks, neurosymbolic methods, toolkits).

8 Modality and other intensional categories: e.g. modality and tense;
modality and evidentiality; modality and mood.

9 The processing and acquisition of modal expressions in natural languages

### Invited Speakers

Stefan Kaufmann (University of Connecticut)  
Graham Leigh (University of Gothenburg)  
Paul Portner (Georgetown University)  
Jeremy Seligman (University of Auckland, Tsinghua University)  
Yingying Wang (Hunan University)

### Tutorials

Logic: Jeremy Seligman  
Linguistics: Stefan Kaufmann

### Contributed Papers

We invite submissions of *2-page abstracts* (including references) on any
of the broad themes related to *modality** in logic and language* as
suggested above. After a review procedure, authors of accepted papers will
be invited to present them at the workshop, either as a contributed talk or
in the poster session. The poster session is intended to provide an
informal setting for discussion and to encourage participation from
early-career researchers and students. After the workshop, a volume of full
papers (properly refereed) will be published in the Springer LNCS – FoLLI
series. Details on submission of full papers will follow.

Abstracts should be submitted via Easychair:  
<https://easychair.org/conferences?conf=tllm2026>

### Important dates

Deadline for submitting abstracts: November 15,  2025  
Notification of acceptance: December 15, 2025  
Tutorials: April 3, 2026  
Workshop: April 3–5, 2026  

### Registration fee

Student: CNY 800  
Non-student: CNY 1200

### Program Committee

Maria Aloni (University of Amsterdam)  
Johan van Benthem (University of Amsterdam, Stanford Univerisity, Tsinghua University)  
Jowang Lin (Academia Sinica)  
Fenrong Liu (Tsinghua University)  
Xiaolu Yang (Tsinghua University)  
Mingming Liu (co-chair, Tsinghua University)  
Larry Moss (Bloomington, Indiana)  
Stanley Peters (Stanford)  
Jacopo Romoli (Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf)  
Martin Stokhof  (ILLC, Tsinghua University)  
Frank Veltman (ILLC)  
Yingying Wang (Hunan University)  
Dag Westerståhl (co-chair, Stockholm University, Tsinghua University)  
Tomoyuki Yamada (Hokkaido University)  
Jialiang Yan (China University of Political Science and Law)  
Fan Yang (University of Utrecht)  
Ting Xu (co-chair, Tsinghua University)  
Linmin Zhang (NYU Shanghai)
